<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="/WEB-INF/templates/template_app.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="body">
        <h1 id="algorithms-challenge">Algorithms Challenge</h1>
        <ul>
            <li><p>Write a Java program to find highest repeating word from a text file.</p>
            </li>
            <li><p>Write a Java program to print Fibonacci series up to a given number with memoization technique.</p>
            </li>
            <li><p>Write a Java program to find smallest and largest number in an integer array</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <h1 id="nurseapp-challenge">NURSEAPP Challenge</h1>
        <h3 id="user-story-1-">User Story 1:</h3>
        <p>As a nurse, I&#39;d like to be able to store the basic information from the patients I visit each day, so that I can have a historical record of what I do each day.</p>
        <h4 id="acceptance-criteria-">Acceptance criteria:</h4>
        <ul>
            <li><p>Must save Patient&#39;s Name, Age and Vital Signs (blood pressure, heart rate)</p>
            </li>
            <li><p>Should be able to see all the information I saved</p>
            </li>
            <li><p>Should be able to delete the information I saved</p>
            </li>
            <li><p>Must be able to edit the information I saved</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <h3 id="user-story-2-">User Story 2:</h3>
        <p>As a nurse, I&#39;d like to be able to tell if the vitals are normal or not, so that I can determine if there&#39;s health risk. The range of health indicators are already stored in the DB.</p>
        <h4>Acceptance criteria:</h4>
        <ul>
            <li><p>Must be able to determine if Blood pressure is inside the range</p>
            </li>
            <li><p>Must be able to determine if heart rate is inside the range</p>
            </li>
            <li><p>Should be able to tell at first glance if vitals are normal</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <h3 id="user-story-3-">User Story 3:</h3>
        <p>As a patient, I&#39;d like to be able to search for my information based on my personal information and see it as a historical, so that I can know how my vitals are and how they evolve over time.</p>
        <h4>Acceptance criteria:</h4>
        <ul>
            <li><p>Must be able to find information from the history in a table.</p>
            </li>
            <li><p>Should be able to see it in a graph to see the evolution of health indicators.</p>
            </li>
        </ul>

    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>